1. Write a Java program to create an array list, add some colors (strings) and print out the collection.

2. Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in an array list.

3. Write a Java program to insert an element into the array list at the first position.

4. Write a Java program to retrieve an element (at a specified index) from a given array list.

5. Write a Java program to update an array element by the given element.

6. Write a Java program to remove the third element from an array list.

7. Write a Java program to search for an element in an array list.

8. Write a Java program to sort a given array list.

9. Write a Java program to copy one array list into another.

10. Write a Java program to shuffle elements in an array list.

11. Write a Java program to reverse elements in an array list.

12. Write a Java program to extract a portion of an array list.

13. Write a Java program to compare two array lists.

14. Write a Java program that swaps two elements in an array list.

15. Write a Java program to join two array lists.

16. Write a Java program to clone an array list to another array list.

17. Write a Java program to empty an array list.

18. Write a Java program to test whether an array list is empty or not.

19. Write a Java program for trimming the capacity of an array list.

20. Write a Java program to increase an array list size.

21. Write a Java program to replace the second element of an ArrayList with the specified element.

22. Write a Java program to print all the elements of an ArrayList using the elements' position.

23. Write a Java program to append the specified element to the end of a linked list.

24. Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in a linked list.

25. Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in a linked list starting at the specified position.

26. Write a Java program to iterate a linked list in reverse order.

27. Write a Java program to insert the specified element at the specified position in the linked list.

28. Write a Java program to insert elements into the linked list at the first and last positions.

29. Write a Java program to insert the specified element at the front of a linked list.

30. Write a Java program to insert the specified element at the end of a linked list.

31. Write a Java program to insert some elements at the specified position into a linked list.

32. Write a Java program to get the first and last occurrence of the specified elements in a linked list.

33. Write a Java program to display elements and their positions in a linked list.

34. Write a Java program to remove a specified element from a linked list.

35. Write a Java program to remove the first and last elements from a linked list.

36. Write a Java program to remove all elements from a linked list.

37. Write a Java program that swaps two elements in a linked list.

38. Write a Java program to shuffle elements in a linked list.

39. Write a Java program to join two linked lists.

40. Write a Java program to copy a linked list to another linked list.

41. Write a Java program to remove and return the first element of a linked list.

42. Write a Java program to retrieve, but not remove, the first element of a linked list.

43. Write a Java program to retrieve, but not remove, the last element of a linked list.

44. Write a Java program to check if a particular element exists in a linked list.

44. Write a Java program to convert a linked list to an array list.

45. Write a Java program to compare two linked lists.

46. Write a Java program to check if a linked list is empty or not.

47. Write a Java program to replace an element in a linked list.

48. Write a Java program to append the specified element to the end of a hash set.

49. Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in a hash list.

50. Write a Java program to get the number of elements in a hash set.

51. Write a Java program to empty an hash set.

52. Write a Java program to test if a hash set is empty or not.

53. Write a Java program to clone a hash set to another hash set.

54. Write a Java program to convert a hash set to an array.

55. Write a Java program to convert a hash set to a tree set.

56. Write a Java program to find numbers less than 7 in a tree set.

57. Write a Java program to compare two hash set.

58. Write a Java program to compare two sets and retain elements that are the same.

59. Write a Java program to remove all elements from a hash set.
